Update covid-19 page with postponing details (#204)
srobo/website: _posts/2020-03-16-sr2020-competition-postponed.md

---
layout: news

> title: Student Robotics 2020 Postponed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Student Robotics 2020 Competition Postponed
```

---

> Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, **we will need to postpone Student Robotics 2020** from the original date in April, until some time late June / early July.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following guidance from the UK government and the University of Reading, **we will need to postpone the Student Robotics 2020 Competition** from the original date in April, until some time late June / early July.
```

We are currently investigating the following dates for the competition:

- 27th - 28th June
- 4th - 5th July
- 11th - 12th July

The event will still take place over a weekend, at the University of Reading.

We have requested feedback from team leaders and volunteers to help select the most appropriate date.

> We hope to confirm the updated date in the next week, so please let us know as soon as you can.

Author: On second thoughts - is this better to be kept in just the email?

Reviewer: Ooh, good catch!

```suggestion
We hope to confirm the updated date in the next week, so watch this space!
```
